OSDOCS-18273-CLEAN: Integrated reviewer feedback into clean version (#111454)
openshift/openshift-docs: applications/working_with_helm_charts/installing-helm.adoc

toc::[]

> Install the Helm CLI to manage software packages on your OpenShift cluster from a local workstation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the Helm CLI to manage software packages on your {product-title} cluster from a local workstation.
```

toc::[]

Install the Helm CLI to manage software packages on your OpenShift cluster from a local workstation.

You can also find the URL to the latest binaries from the {product-title} web console by clicking the *?* icon in the upper-right corner and selecting *Command Line Tools*. 

> If you don't want to install the CLI, you can also create a Helm release by specifying a URL to a Helm chart.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/109348#discussion_r3197717165:
> We shouldn't be mentioning "specifying a URL" here. Direct-URL is a workaround to a problem which CLI users don't face; moreover, the preferred mechanism is to install Helm releases from the Console catalog or a custom-configured Helm repository.
> 
> I believe the point of this sentence/paragraph is to inform the reader that the web console provides GUI-based Helm features if they would like an alternative to the CLI for human users.
> 
> (This text has a funny tone for me...if the reader doesn't want to install the CLI, why would they be looking at this page?)

Author: I just deleted line 13 entirely. lines 9 and 11 already tell user how to find binaries via web console.

----
# curl -L https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/clients/helm/latest/helm-linux-ppc64le -o /usr/local/bin/helm
----
endif::openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp,openshift-dedicated[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp,openshift-dedicated[]
. Download the Linux x86_64 or Linux amd64 Helm binary and add it to your path:
+
[source,terminal]
----
# curl -L https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/clients/helm/latest/helm-linux-amd64 -o /usr/local/bin/helm

> ----

Reviewer 2: Since you're editing this part of the file anyway, please add the missing entry for `helm-linux-arm64` (`https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/clients/helm/latest/helm-linux-arm64`).

(Ref https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/109348#discussion_r3197743172.)

. From the menu on the left, select *Advanced systems settings* and click *Environment Variables* at the bottom.
. Select *Path* from the *Variable* section and click *Edit*.
. Click *New* and type the path to the folder with the `.exe` file into the field or click *Browse* and select the directory, and click *OK*.

== On Windows 10

. Download the latest link:https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/clients/helm/latest/helm-windows-amd64.exe[`.exe` file] and put in a directory of your preference.
. Download the Helm binary: link:https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/clients/helm/latest/helm-windows-amd64.exe[`.exe` file].
. Click *Search* and type `env` or `environment`.
. Select *Edit environment variables for your account*.
. Select *Path* from the *Variable* section and click *Edit*.
. Click *New* and type the path to the directory with the exe file into the field or click *Browse* and select the directory, and click *OK*.

== On MacOS
. Download the Helm binary and add it to your path:
. Download the Helm binary:
+
[source,terminal]
----
# curl -L https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/clients/helm/latest/helm-darwin-amd64 -o /usr/local/bin/helm
----

> 

Reviewer 2: Since you're editing this part of the file anyway, please add the missing entry for `helm-darwin-arm64` (`https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/clients/helm/latest/helm-darwin-arm64`).

(Ref. https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/109348#discussion_r3197751266.)

version.BuildInfo{Version:"v3.0", GitCommit:"b31719aab7963acf4887a1c1e6d5e53378e34d93", GitTreeState:"clean", GoVersion:"go1.13.4"}
----

== On Windows

> . Download the Helm binary: link:https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/clients/helm/latest/helm-windows-amd64.exe[`.exe` file].

Reviewer: I'm assuming this is an approved link.

. Click *Search* and type `env` or `environment`.
. Select *Edit environment variables for your account*.
. Select *Path* from the *Variable* section and click *Edit*.
. Click *New* and type the path to the directory with the exe file into the field or click *Browse* and select the directory, and click *OK*.

> == On MacOS

Reviewer: On macOS
